Fix:SPCTR-2553-Table of content - not properly shown in preview of post when used as a custom layout inside post/page content. (#2986)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue where the heading tags were not inheriting the color from the theme or the Container.
* Fix: Container - Updated the default content width for block-based themes to "wideSize".
* Fix: Container - Removed Z-index restrictions that caused Image Gallery Lightboxes to get overlapped by other content.
* Fix: Image - width and height tag does not appear when image uploaded.
* Fix: Image Gallery - Replaced the Null Array FocusList with an Optimized Object.
* Fix: Spacing Control - Removed the capability to set negative values for width & radius settings.
* Fix: Typography Control - Removed the capability to set negative values for line-height & font size settings.
* Fix: Post Carousel - TwentyTwentyone theme hover style override for arrow and dot.
* Fix: Global - Fonts were not loading in the customizer when Spectra blocks are used in Astra theme's header/footer section.
* Fix: Advanced Heading - Removed Extra padding in the editor.

> * Fix: Table of content - not properly shown in the preview of the post when used as a custom layout inside post/page content.

Reviewer: I've cross verified all the changelog entries in this PR.

All the newly added changelog entries can be removed, and this one can be replaced with 
```suggestion
* Fix: Table Of Contents - Updated the front-end Preview UI to match in the "Inside post/page content" type of Astra's Custom Layout.
```

**Move your changelog entry underneath the other Table of Contents changelog entry.**

@AbhijitNage123 - Please verify that this changelog entry accurately defines the fix that was requested.

Author: I have undone the changes of readme file
